your life slips away from you
taking out a restraining order becomes
normal relocating to another city normal
but you still say your stock or
everywhere I know who this is my
imagination but I never feel safe
there's some more forms you need to fill
out I finished my homework take off your
clothes down to your underwear the doors
lock by signing this you've consented
the voluntary commitment I am being held
here against my will
do you know how many calls the cops get
like that those are some crazy people my
stop is here there's nothing we can do
unless you have proof that a crime has
been committed this is the best place
for sword you must be
he's here or maybe it's all in my head
you